PROSPECTUS.md, before:

# Kubernetes Community Days Portland Sponsorship Opportunies

_Adapted from [the Bouvet Island prospectus](https://kubernetescommunitydays.org/events/2020-bouvet-island/sponsor/)_

## Post-Event Social: $6,000

_Two sponsors may split this sponsorship. In case of a split, each sponsor get all benefits below in full unless otherwise noted._

- Exclusive branding at event
- 6 Tickets
  - 3 tickets per sponsor if two sponsors split
- Table presence at the venue
- Logo on site and conference materials
- A thank you announcement in opening and closing presentations

## Gold: $3,000 (Limit 3)

- Your logo on banner at conference site, conference materials, and website
- A mention in all conference-related announcements
- A thank you announcement in opening and closing presentations
- A 2 minute promotional spot during talk intermissions
- 5 tickets (max 2 at table at any time)
- Table presence at the venue

## Silver: $1,000 (Limit 10)

- Your logo on conference materials and website
- A thank you in opening and closing presentations
- 2 tickets (max 2 at a table at any time)
- Shared table presence at the venue

## Sponsorships (check one):
____    Post-Event Social $6,000

____    Gold Sponsor $3,000

____    Silver Sponsor $1,000

Total Sponsorship Amount:       $_____________________________

Invoicing Details:
Company Name:__________________________________________________

Contact Person:_________________________________________________

Position/Title:________________________________________________
 
Email: _________________________________________________________

Company Address:________________________________________________

City____________________________ ST:____________________________

Zip:____________________________ Country:_______________________

Sponsorships are accepted on a first-come, first-served basis.
Sponsor must be paid by credit card upon acceptance.

Signature:_________________     Signature:_________________

Date: _____________________     Date: _____________________ 

Printed Name ______________     Printed Name ______________

Sponsor ___________________     Organizer _________________

Please email the completed form to sponsors@cnpdx.us

Commit message:

Marking Gold sponsorships sold out

PROSPECTUS.md, after:

# Kubernetes Community Days Portland Sponsorship Opportunies

_Adapted from [the Bouvet Island prospectus](https://kubernetescommunitydays.org/events/2020-bouvet-island/sponsor/)_

## Post-Event Social: $6,000

_Two sponsors may split this sponsorship. In case of a split, each sponsor get all benefits below in full unless otherwise noted._

- Exclusive branding at event
- 6 Tickets
  - 3 tickets per sponsor if two sponsors split
- Table presence at the venue
- Logo on site and conference materials
- A thank you announcement in opening and closing presentations

## Gold: $3,000 (Limit 3)

>We are sold out of Gold sponsorship opportunities.

- Your logo on banner at conference site, conference materials, and website
- A mention in all conference-related announcements
- A thank you announcement in opening and closing presentations
- A 2 minute promotional spot during talk intermissions
- 5 tickets (max 2 at table at any time)
- Table presence at the venue

## Silver: $1,000 (Limit 10)

- Your logo on conference materials and website
- A thank you in opening and closing presentations
- 2 tickets (max 2 at a table at any time)
- Shared table presence at the venue

## Sponsorships (check one):
____    Post-Event Social $6,000

____    Gold Sponsor $3,000

____    Silver Sponsor $1,000

Total Sponsorship Amount:       $_____________________________

Invoicing Details:
Company Name:__________________________________________________

Contact Person:_________________________________________________

Position/Title:________________________________________________
 
Email: _________________________________________________________

Company Address:________________________________________________

City____________________________ ST:____________________________

Zip:____________________________ Country:_______________________

Sponsorships are accepted on a first-come, first-served basis.
Sponsor must be paid by credit card upon acceptance.

Signature:_________________     Signature:_________________

Date: _____________________     Date: _____________________ 

Printed Name ______________     Printed Name ______________

Sponsor ___________________     Organizer _________________

Please email the completed form to sponsors@cnpdx.us
